			Configurations
			/============/

  This is a set of configuration examples managed in an arch tree, to ease
branching. Since you will most likely create your own configurations based on
the examples, its intended to create a branch for your local configurations.

  Mostly it includes configurations for VIM and Zsh. Most of the configuration
is written and documented, but if you see something which is not quite well
documented, you are always free to contact me.

			How to use this
			/=============/

  Before you can start with this stuff, you have to set your own "ID" which is
used by arch to sign changesets and to identify who created which changestet.
To do this you'll have to use the command 'tla my-id', for more details on
this, please refer to 'tla my-id -H' and the tutorial for arch written by Tom
Lord.

  The command I used to set my personal id:

    tla my-id "Stefan Pfetzing <dreamind@dreamind.de>"

  Next would be registering my archive as a source, so you will later be able
to create a branch of it.

  This can somply be done by the following command:

    tla register-archive http://www.dreamind.de/archives/2005-dreamind.de

  Now you 'll have to choose a place where to put your own repository, if you
haven't done already. This can be accessible over standard filesystem, sftp,
ftp or even http (webdav or plain http). For my personal stuff I prefer sftp,
but if you only have your own ftp site, then thats ok too.

  After you have chosen a place where to put your repository, create an
archive there where you can put your local branch. For details on how to do
this, please refer to the nice arch tutorial written by Tom Lord.

  The command I used to setup the archive:

    tla make-archive dreamind@dreamind.de--2005-local \
     "sftp://my.machine/home/dreamind/{archives}/2005-local"

  Now your arch tree should be ready and you can start with your personal
branch. As written before, if you want any details on this you should read the
online tutorial.

  The commands I used to create my personal branch:

    tla my-default-archive dreamind@dreamind.de--2005-local
    tla archive-setup configurations--dreamind--0.1
    tla tag \
     dreamind@dreamind.de--2005-dreamind.de/configurations--mainline--0.1 \
     configurations--dreamind--0.1

  Since you now have a branched revision in your local repository, you can now
start checking this version out and do your own changes.

  The commands I used to perform this:

    mkdir -p ~/src/configurations
    cd ~/src/configurations
    tla get configurations--dreamind--0.1 configurations--dreamind--0.1

  Note: you have to specify the name twice, first is the archive, second the
directory.

  Now its time to experiment with your own tree (refer to the tutorial for
informations about tla, as mentioned before) and commit the changes into your
personal archive.

  In order to put symlinks to the files in this repository into your home, you
simply can call 'make' inside your checkout. This will create the symlinks
into your home and ask you if a file or a directory should be moved away.
Nothing will be deleted, if some file or a directory is moved away, its placed
in ~/OLD and you are free to sort out your stuff and delete it later on.

  If you later want to merge changes done in the upstream repository, you
could always use the explicit tla command. But its easier to use a target of
the makefile:

    make replay

since this will update the tree. After you applied the changes to your local
checkout with replay, you will have to commit the changes, to make them
permanent (stored in your personal repository).


  If you have questions about this documentation or about any configuration
file included, you are welcome to write me an email.


			TODO
			/==/

* mention this on my website
* autocreate a changelog.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author:  Stefan Pfetzing <dreamind@dreamind.de>
License: GPL v2 or newer. (See _internal_/COPYING)

Some Changes are contributed by Michael Löffler <zvpunry@zvpunry.de>
------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Last Change:
Mon May 23 00:13:42 CEST 2005

vim:set tw=78:
